I
on the assumption they don't fall behind
the well-rounded Alliance composition
they should be able to kill anybody
that's put in front of them for Alliance
though they've got a bit of mixture
everything they've got long-range Pope
they've got pic potential well you
mentioned of course we're then waited
the Shred they have on wicked but we
haven't mentioned is the fact that
though jezuz he's gonna get caught out
rebel comes our should catch Don towards
him he's got the damage down the first
blood is there quick and easy flush was
available but Jesus didn't use it well
when he is gonna go towards later the
room King first awesome and scary it's
found frog and pounces on towards it
forces the flush out of fragen and will
follow through Jesus gets in life the
charm down Jesse so taking a big burst
of damage he will gain self the kill now
his trucks in trouble can he get out of
there he has to flush his own tower week
is gonna try and respond he's gonna get
down here just at the right moment no
he's too late to the party an escape
strike sneaking in unseen no war
placement in that River area or try Bush
wicked jumps on my Freddie again
flashing gates all shackles from NIV
comes out there dark binding yet to be
thrown out will be thrown on towards and
rated followed by the cocoon else let's
go comes in to react take it very low
invulnerability comes out candy banner
gets in its when scarran against the
kill and sk hit-and-run hey guys that he
does do enough they're gonna back away
they're gonna give up the tower yeah
we're safe alone is pretty Morgan going
in towards this one he's gonna pull
long-range support on towards Freddie
wicked just going back and forward has
gone that frozen heart now completed but
again you can see the damage that he
falls down Freddie with that ultimate is
getting enough flow still now he's gonna
try dogfight around
that was actually oh not enough otay
binding lands blood well used the rest
of the team close it towards this one
chance does not land because I was a
soul shackles on boards ready incomes
tabs guess the last hit and he'll take
the kill put down the bottom you can see
there's still pushed on towards the
inner to it wicked teleports down here
and protects it but they need everybody
to be you know around the same area
because of the no response oh the
pioneers fence go and intervention goes
down cocoon fall as that shook eats a
charm as well jezus tries to go gressive
on it but again there was the black
showed can you find already awaiting the
moment he drops he gets blown a lot of
side Freddy comes in from the side
catches off the ward wicked the chump
does not learn this lever out wicked
backing away backing away have they got
enough to counter he'll has to be using
candy but a flash for it gets caught by
that binding a game I'm thing on the
damage to follow him off they will do
radio gain pops on one side step all the
80 go he goes down let's go gone down so
chuckles Gunther Robert gets its over
second Tufts goes to dress him Valkyries
in towards SK and a two-for-one in
alliances favor another team fight in s
case stick yet look at this though sk
desperately trying to get this barn down
this court our charm comes in there
how's he gonna know if damage to try and
take you down Lee comes out sweats code
will get the kill off now finally
landing on choice of Cocoon parent down
20 below half a point in comes we can
teleport into awesome stops them dead in
their tracks intervention on he rated
himself Freddy with the blood well
available trying to turn the damage back
around since Karen comes in forces them
away it was one kill for Escobar below
half hit points their alliance holdout
wards go down from Alliance they get
themselves an eye on this one candy
panda though he's pushing the inner
turret all this still happening clearing
out those wards dragon started out
violence but only half-heartedly Freddie
gets caught out chain CC for the game
not all of damage for Alliance to follow
on mechanically every single skill shot
connects day despite the fact that they
didn't really you know put threat old
Freddy's flashed in
flash ultimate on tours image cookies
gonna go voice avenge it goes down we
keep trying to take out the damage
charms come out jezus goes on to what if
countyzip down can you find us all that
cleans up wickets gonna go down as well
it's a pickup for jess's this time shock
so solo in here points they want to try
and poke this one out fragen no manner
available to him they have the back I
this fight yeah it's gay game ago when
the teamfight get themselves two kills
in a dragon and prove me completely
wrong alt steal attempts not even that
was just for the kill and and prove me
completely wrong the damage from the
multiple source for down okay he's and
the mobility heard is letting a 20 by
sprocket he's gonna go down well that
was reckless honestly from fragen should
not have been caught out of position I'm
not too sure what he was aiming at with
the ultimate he wasn't getting able to
get the steal though not even close to
getting to kill a lion said shrine
whooping dneska will make a mistake long
time finding not gonna happen they go in
they start the Baranof an alliance gonna
react jess's can he learn that charm
sapling will search him out force him
await Baron still going down half here
points now almost reached as s cake
candy pan that moves in the taps has to
come around and rate it took a big purse
there actually charm doesn't land that's
been fight off as on a long cooldown
fragen will try and turn the damage down
flashes out there's the intervention
coming out Freddy's the focus on this
one wicked tanking out separated from
the rest of his team they need to get
involved in all on his own now he goes
in he jumps on the ad carry but they got
no support candy banner takes the damage
right in the arcade is it gonna learn no
doggy's out of two of those steps and
now aligned on the retreat Freddy pounds
our dinner don't get the knocker
blackshield enough to slow it down jezus
goes in catches on one fragen he gets
assassinated jensen's
get the leaf sugars taken down he's
gonna get drops as well leave some such
go he gets the research at the double
tubs the only man standing has to go
back this is gonna be an inhibitor it
may even be the game 42nd 10th time is
across multiple champions of alliances
squad I have no idea what they were
thinking wicked goes left alliance goes
right and they literally lift the tree
to die and nobody got involved Alliance
are looking for candy panda but I don't
know Kenny friends gonna overextend I
really don't see him very too deep into
this Lane I think you're just gonna
clear that wave and then rotate up the
question is are they ready oh look at
that living artillery hello I see I'm
the black away for Alliance because sk
closing fast this one's gonna get the
slow will it land on froggy no just
about mrs. Freddie closing the gap
shutting the door frog in the target
he's gonna get caught out he's gonna get
taken down the damage on him don't
become zero froggatt is dropped and that
is a disaster for Alliance Vince karen
is basically an assassin oh this is a
lumberjack yeah wicked not got enough
damage and frankly jezuz just
terminating that tree sk this time
around have have made the right
decisions have been in the right
locations so frog is down for another 20
seconds and sk looks you commit to the
tower tower oh well look it is Freddy
happy to take you through meetings in
there now shook dived on he's not gonna
be able to get away from this one he
gets go down reading intervention news
wicked trying to take this one out but
he just simply has not got the hip
points and Spence Karen gets himself
another reset another double kill he
pounces in taps now the target ad carry
Nexus turrets fallen sk gaming flooring
the way back into this game and they're
going to take it it will be 11 old
square sk gaming back in it and this
game is going to go all the way this is
gonna be a five-cent
I really hope that it is because that
was a very good performance completely
proving me wrong SK gaming with a
massive massive massive damage
composition just over an alliance every
time they grouped up so it is very well
played by by SK gaming